Tools
=====

Introduction
------------

We've built tools to make the workflow with Desi easy for you.

Some of them are services, which appear on the application menu (the one just
right of the apple menu in the top left corner) like in the picture
below. You can just select the appropriate service from the menu, and the
application will take care of things.

Others are applications. You will need to install them: once installed they
will let you perform the most frequent tasks with one click. You can find out
how to easily install these applications below.

What we've built
----------------

Or current roster of applications and services includes:

- __login to desi__: a service enabling a two-click login to desi (we really could
  not get rid of one click)
- __sync project__: this lets you sync (download, in other words) a
  folder from desi so you can start working anc collaborating. This exists as
  a service in Finder, and as an application
- __check-in file__: this lets you check in (that means making your file's latest version
  available back on the server) the file you're working on directly
  from the application. Currently we support Adobe Illustrator, Powerpoint
  and Joota. These plus all other files can also be checked in via the finder
  (choose "check-in" after right-clicking on a file) or via our convenient droplet.

For more complicated workflows, the Desi client offers a convenient way to
execute anything you can possibly want to do (sync, check-in, searching and more). 

Terminal? Oh my dear
--------------------

Some of the tools and workflows will require using the terminal
application. Scary as it may sound, we've kept it easy: you won't have to do
anything more than opening the application (type "terminal" in the Spotlight
search bar and fire away), and pasting in there a line you've copied from
your browser.

In fact that's pretty much all you'll have to do in the terminal. Doing
things this way lets us do really complex things without gigantic
efforts. The added value for you is that you'll look as cool as Trinity in
the Matrix doing it.

